IDs can start at 91580103 and go up to 91584698 (91580102 is Reptilianne Rage)

Reptilianne Lair O
Field Spell
Once per turn, when your opponent Special Summons a monster (except during the Damage Step): You can reveal 1 "Reptilianne" card in your hand, and if you do, the Summoned monster's attack becomes 0. If a monster(s) on the field with 0 ATK is sent to the Graveyard, or is used as Xyz Material for an Xyz Summon, you can add 1 "Reptilianne" card from your Deck to your hand.

Reptilianne Cobriss O
Monster/Effect/Tuner
Reptile/Dark
*3 400/1200
During either player's turn, when all face-up monsters your opponent controls have 0 ATK, you can Special Summon this card from your Hand or Graveyard. You can only use this effect of "Reptilianne Cobriss" once per turn.

Reptilianne Ward O
Trap
When your opponent activates a monster effect: Banish 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard, and if you do, negate the activation and destroy that monster. If this Set card is destroyed by the opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyard, target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; its ATK becomes 0.

Reptilianne Bantu O
Monster/Effect
Reptile/Dark
*4 600/1500
-- Should change to: ...while you control at least 1 face-up "Reptilianne" monster, except "Reptilianne Bantu".
Cannot be Normal Summoned or Set. Must first be Special Summoned (from your hand) by reducing the ATK of 1 face-up monster your opponent controls by 600 while all monsters in your Graveyard are Reptile-type. If this card is sent to the Graveyard: banish it instead. If this card is banished: target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; it loses 1500 ATK.

--Once per turn: negate the effect of an opponent's card that targets exactly 1 "Reptilianne" monster on the field and destroy it.

Reptilianne Gorgantuous
Monster/Effect
Reptile/Dark
*9 3500/0
This card can only be Normal Summoned or Set by tributing 1 "Reptilianne" monster you control. This card can only be Special Summoned by tributing 3 face-up monsters with 0 ATK from anywhere on the field. Once per turn: You can Special Summon 1 "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard; it cannot attack. Once per turn, during either player's turn: you can banish 1 "Reptilianne" monster you control, and if you do, target 1 monster your opponent controls; its effects are negated and it cannot change its battle position.

Reptilianne Great Gansaa
Monster/Sychro/Effect
Reptile/Dark
*7 2450/1600
1 "Reptilianne" Tuner + 1 or more non-Tuner monsters
If this card would be destroyed by battle, you can discard 1 card instead; reduce the ATK of the monster that battled with this card to 0 at the end of the Damage Step.
something to do with discarding (synergy with Reptilianne Lair)
--You take no Battle Damage from battles involving "Reptilianne" monsters. When this card leaves the field, target 1 face-up monster your opponent controls; reduce its ATK to 0, then Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Reptilianne" monster from your Graveyard.

Reptilianne Awakening O
Quick-Play Spell Card
--Special Summon 1 Level 3 or lower "Reptilianne" monster from your Deck.
Tribute 1 face-up monster with 0 ATK from anywhere on the field; Special Summon 1 Level 4 or lower "Reptilianne" monster from your Deck. If this Set card is destroyed by the opponent's card effect and sent to the Graveyeard, draw 1 card.